transcript-118-22-07-15.txt
https://youtu.be/pmX0alL6I8k
THE BONY CRAB MONSTER: A TRUE STORY
Jul 15, 2022

Summary:
Jul 15, 2022
It was a Sunday evening in 1966 in Cicero, Illinois. Thirteen-year-old Laura Caigoy and her best friend Ruthie's went outside and waited in the family station wagon, talking and laughing. Laura's mother was coming to pick her up and take Laura to her home.

Suddenly, Laura heard and felt a low thrumming noise. "Do you hear that?" she asked Ruthie. But Ruthie didn't answer. Laura looked around for the source of the noise, but saw nothing unusual. "Do you hear that?" she asked again. Still, Ruthie didn't respond.

The sound grew louder, so Laura jumped out of the car and scanned the street. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary, except for the weird thrumming noise. Then, looking up, Laura could hardly believe her eyes. A huge saucer-shaped craft floated just above the streetlights only a block away, and it was moving towards them.

The craft was large enough to span the entire width of the street. It was a perfect saucer with a little dome on top. A row of windows surrounded the perimeter. The interior of the craft was lit with a brilliant yellow light. It moved leisurely forward at only a few miles per hour.

Laura screamed Ruthie's name and banged on the car, but Ruthie said nothing. Laura was shocked to see that Cermak Road, which was normally busy with traffic, was now completely empty of cars. 

The craft approached until it was directly overhead. Laura felt no fear, only amazement and awe. Looking down, she saw three people standing nearby, two older women, who seemed not to notice the craft, and another lady staring at her.

The woman looked strange. Dressed in dark clothes, she was short, had strangely smooth skin, black shiny hair that looked almost painted on, and was wearing dark wrap-around sunglasses, at night!

"Look!" Laura said, pointing up. "Isn't this amazing?"

The strange woman looked casually up at the craft and then continued staring at Laura, almost as if studying he. She seemed to be more interested in Laura than the UFO itself!

The craft was low enough that Laura could've hit it with a rock. It slowly moved off, continuing down the street. Laura followed it down the street for another block, until the road turned into a T-intersection. The craft kept going over the housetops, disappearing into the distance. 

Thrilled by the encounter, Laura rushed back to the car and said softly, "Ruthie?" Her friend instantly bolted upright. Laura told her about the UFO, and Ruthie was shocked. She had passed out. She didn't see anything.

Years passed. Laura grew up, moved to California, fell in love with a man, got married and had a baby. Twenty-five years later, her son (now five or six years old) began to suffer from unexplained nosebleeds. And so did Laura.

At the same time, her son experienced severe nightmares in which he said strange tan creatures with huge dark eyes would come into his bedroom. One of them was a creature he called the "bony crab monster" a skeletal spidery-looking being with weird crab-like hands. Her son said that the creatures would levitate him out of the room and into the backyard.

Laura assumed her son was having vivid nightmares. Then, one evening, the bony crab monster came back and told her son, "Don't be afraid," and cut his finger. The next morning, her son related the 'dream' and showed Laura the cut on his finger.

Laura was shocked. Could her son's dreams be real? But how was that possible? Weeks later, Laura's husband came home with shocking news. He had seen a UFO -- a large, glowing triangular object.

Not long after that, Laura had her own sighting of a huge cylindrical-shaped craft, lit up at both ends. To her amazement, it was being chased by a police helicopter.

She thought of her own childhood sighting. Her son's nightmares also came to mind. Could all of this be related? She decided to look into the subject of UFOs and received an incredible shock. All the strange details seemed to come together. The way Ruthie fell asleep. The strange appearance of the woman with the dark wraparound sunglasses. The unexplained nosebleeds. Her son's nightmares of weird creatures with huge dark eyes." His description of being levitated out of the house. The cut on his finger. Could this all be because of UFOs and aliens?

Searching her past for clues, Laura now recalled a strange event at age five which back then had made no sense. It was something so bizarre, so unbelievable, she was never able to understand what happened. Now suddenly, it began to make sense.

Laura's story is one of the more unusual cases of its kind, and it provides some interesting and unique insights about what it's like to have extraterrestrial contact. If you'd like to read more, check out my book, "Extraterrestrial Visitations." Now available!

Link to book: https://www.amazon.com/dp/1567182208/...

Link to Preston Dennett's website: https://prestondennett.weebly.com/


Transcript:
Jul 15, 2022
Hello everyone my name is preston dennett and welcome to a new episode of ufos in the paranormal 
i call this episode the bony crab monster a true story this is the story of laura k goy's 
lifelong experiences with extraterrestrials laura originally lived in cicero illinois 
and in 1966 she was just a young teenager 13 14 years old and this is when she had a really 
profound ufo encounter it all began one weekend when she went over to her friend ruthie's house 
to spend the weekend she had a great time sunday evening came around and it was time 
for laura to go home so laura called her mother and asked her mother to pick her up 
and while her mother was on her way to pick her up laura and ruthie decided that they would wait 
in ruthie's parents station wagon which was parked along the street in front of the house 
this is called cermak street it's quite a busy street with lot a lot of traffic and they just 
lay down in the car and started talking and waiting and I will let lord describe how this 
encounter began as laura says she got in the back seat and lay with her back facing me I got in the 
front seat and lay across the seat next to the steering wheel and stuck my feet out the window 
we weren't tired or anything we were wide awake we were laughing and chattering away we were talking 
about a band we liked we just finished laughing and I heard more felt than heard this something 
it was in my ears and I said what is that and she didn't answer I thought she was waiting 
to listen to it but she didn't answer at all and I said it again and nothing 
so I pulled my feet back in the car and got out laura's friend ruthie was still not responding 
laura gets out of the car and looks to the right into the left and sees nothing 
she did notice that there were no almost no cars on the street which is very strange 
because there should have been cars driving up and down but there were none 
and then laura looks to the right again and gets a huge shock because there's a very 
large craft at very low altitude just above the trees in the street lights about a block away 
moving slowly towards her and as laura says in her own words it was a saucer coming on a slight angle 
down the street and it was just there it wasn't there a second ago as much time as it takes you 
to turn your head is how fast it was there it was getting really close I just couldn't imagine how 
it could have gotten there without me seeing it come from a distance I could see it coming 
in on a slight downward angle straight down the block a saucer too large to land in the street 
it could only come down as far as the treetops and street lamps would 
allow I could not perceive any glint of metal its surface appeared to be darker than the night sky 
it was all lit up inside with a yellow white light it was revolving slowly in a clockwise direction 
and it had windows all the way around separated by struts except for one small section 
i could see right through the windows to the other side the interior was a light color 
i could make out its outline clearly it looked like an oreo because of its silhouette it was sort 
of convex on top saucer shaped but not too rounded and it just kept coming in over down the street
so laura watched this object in utter amazement as it approached at just a few miles per hour 
coming straight overhead looking down there was still no other traffic ruthie her friend 
was still not responding ruthie did see 
three other people there were two little old ladies who were not paying much attention 
but what really drew laura's attention was this other lady who looked quite strange in appearance 
she was wearing dark clothes but she had really strangely smooth skin her hair was strange it was 
jet black and slicked back and shiny and laura said it looked almost as though it was painted on 
this lady had very smooth skin and most strange she was wearing dark wrap around 
sunglasses and mind you this is at night so this ufo is by now almost directly overhead 
and laura turns to this strange woman who was quite short as well and said look isn't 
this amazing pointing towards this craft and this strange woman wearing dark wrap around sunglasses 
looks up at the craft and almost a disinterested casual way looks back down at laura and doesn't 
say a word and in fact laura felt like this lady was more interested in laura than in this 
amazing ufo that was directly overhead so laura found thought that was strange 
so this craft moves directly overhead laura can hear it's making a soft kind of idling noise 
and as it moves overhead it goes on down the street directly over the street itself and laura 
follows it she said she could walk just about as fast as it was going she didn't have to run 
she felt no fear whatsoever it was just very interesting 
and she followed this craft all the way down the street until the street hit a t intersection 
at that point this craft continued in a straight line winning 
going right over the houses on that street and disappearing off into the distance 
laura came running back to wake up ruthie ruthie was still lying in the back seats uh presumably 
asleep or unconscious and laura says her name soft softly ruthie and ruthie instantly wakes up 
and at the same time all the traffic is back on the street and there's no sign of this other short 
woman wearing these dark sunglasses so laura is completely excited just cannot believe what 
happened and tells ruthie ruthie is furious she could not understand how she had fallen asleep 
and neither could laura for that matter they ran back inside told ruthie's parents who 
were uh could see that the girls were very excited and asked them why they didn't come in and 
wake you know get them out on the streets so they could see it too but laura said she didn't want to 
take her eyes off of it it this whole experience took maybe five minutes ten at the most laura is 
really not sure because there was a sense of timelessness to this whole experience and as 
she told me this several red flags popped up in my mind thinking that this is probably more than 
a simple sighting first this object was very low second her friend ruthie fell unaccountably asleep 
third there was this strange lady who had very smooth skin dark clothes 
was short hair that looked painted on and was wearing dark wrap around sunglasses 
i think there's a possibility that this was a screen memory and that figure was 
actually a gray e.t because most strange was this lady's behavior she did not seem at all 
impressed by this ufo which was quite large and was much more interested in laura so hard 
to say for sure laura did not report anything else strange there were no marks on her bodies 
she had no nightmares or anything like this this was actually a very positive experience for her 
and it just in her mind it was a really close up ufo sighting and she didn't think much 
else of it other than it was really exciting and nothing happened after that for years she grew up 
she ended up moving to california she got married she had a son and it was some 25 
years later that she started having some very weird events occurring around her her son was 
very young four five years old maybe six and both her son and laura started experiencing nosebleeds 
these were unexplained nosebleeds they would occur in the middle of the night 
or they'd wake up in the morning finding out that they had these nosebleeds 
and it was weird because they were both getting them and at the same time this was going on 
laura's son started complaining about these very vivid and scary nightmares 
and these always involved strange figures coming to his room which he described as 
very short kind of having weasel-like faces with very large dark staring eyes 
he also said that one of them looked like a skeleton type monster with crab-like 
pinchers and he called it the bony crab monster now laura thought these were just dreams however 
soon something happened that made her realize that these were more than just nightmares and I'll let 
laura describe this whole ordeal in her own words as she says there was this thing he called the 
bony crab monster it was like a torso with a skull head and it was a spider-like creature almost 
it had crab legs and it took a piece of skin off his finger and it said don't be afraid it said 
not to be afraid. and I remember him telling me about that and these other things he saw 
they had long weasel-like faces and wore trench coats they were all one color a weird tan color 
and they had big black staring eyes I thought they were just streams they'd freak him out but at one 
point he remembered floating through the backyard and seeing one of those weasel-faced things
so at some point these dreams nightmares ended and so did both their problems with nosebleeds 
but what was really weird was that experience where her son said that it cut his finger 
because there was in fact a mark on his finger and that's what got laura thinking 
that there was something very strange about this 
experience about these dreams could they be more than dreams but she just couldn't quite 
figure it out didn't connect the dots as a ufo researcher there's a lot of red flags in this 
account nosebleeds unexplained nosebleeds are quite common among abductees contactees 
and laura's son's dreams have a lot of details that sound very much like grays 
short figures coming to the room all dressed alike even the trench coats is a detail I've 
heard before really the dark staring eyes there's a detail I think that gives this away 
uh the ut saying do not be afraid or levitating them out into the backyard all these details 
while individually might not mean much taken together I think they point very much 
towards a half remembered series of ufo encounters but the thing is these dreams ended the night 
the nosebleeds stopped occurring and again laura just sort of dismissed all of this 
as nightmares and never mind that her son had an unexplained cut on his finger 
but that all changed just a short time later when both laura and her husband 
saw ufos her husband saw ufo first he was driving home from work one evening and saw a large 
sort of triangular or v-shaped craft above him while he drove and it was a short time later 
that laura also had a ufo sighting it's quite low in the sky she described it as being 
cylindrical in shape with lights on either end and as she watched it scooting across the sky she saw 
that it was in fact being chased by a helicopter so this really started to get her thinking 
and she recalled her earlier ufo sighting as a young girl 
and this is when she started thinking about her son's encounter her dreams with these 
the bony crab monster and these weasel-like figures and she started to connect the dots 
and researching the ufo subject she was shocked to see that so many of these details 
in her own sighting and in her son's dreams and the nosebleeds and so forth matched up perfectly 
as indicators of ufo encounters so this quite shocked her and she started researching not 
only this subject but her own life looking for any other experiences that might point towards contact 
and she found something that really she puzzled her at first and this is what caused her to seek 
me out and consent to being interviewed she had a very strange experience at around age five or 
six or so in which a figure entered into her room dressed up as a harlequin a clown and I will let 
laura describe this experience in her own words she did not at first think this was ufo related 
but wanted to tell it to me because she thought it might be and as she says in her own words 
i was really really young I don't remember how old I was exactly but it was about five 
i just remember it didn't feel like a dream at all and I wasn't sick so I wasn't having one of 
those fever things I just remember feeling like there was this person next to me who looked like 
the joker on a deck of cards I mean he was white a white face and had this really big toothy smile 
i don't remember what his nose looked like his eyes were kind of squinty like on the joker cards 
and he had on a whole outfit it was velvety and it was purple and gold and he was bouncing up and 
down and making this really weird noise he looked like he was having a good time he looked happy and 
every time he bounced I would hear this jingling a harlequin outfit usually has bells on it 
but I noticed this one didn't have any bells on it so I don't know why I was hearing this sound 
and I looked down and I could see I was naked I could see the tops of my knees in pubic area 
and he disappeared around the front of me and then I felt something I felt 
something cold and wet and I remember seeing somebody showing me a knife like a scalpel 
and then a table draped in the same kind of fabric he was wearing and I know this is stupid 
i thought it was some kind of abuse thing but I had no idea what it could have been I felt as if 
it was a hidden memory it was very clear and I can see it all now I never lost the memory 
unknown to laura this is something that many abductees report is seeing clown-like figures 
coming into their bedroom as when they're very young and in fact I have several cases 
of my own like this I ended up doing a whole youtube episode on the alien clown connection 
and I did include laura's report in that episode but I wanted to tell her whole life story here and 
i absolutely do think that this weird harlequin episode is pertinent to her ufo sightings I 
think her encounter as a young girl aged 13 14 was probably an onboard ufo experience though she does 
not recall it I think all the red flags are there with ruthie falling asleep this strange figure 
with smooth skin painted on hair dark wraparound sunglasses again sounds like a screen memory to me 
as does this clown-like figure the fact that laura has had numerous ufo sightings is also a red flag 
but it's really those nosebleeds and her son's dreams about short figures with large dark eyes 
them coming to his room saying do not be afraid this is a phrase et's will often tell people 
all of these add up I think to pointing towards a ufo encounter I did 
present laura's case in my book extraterrestrial visitations so you can find the whole story there 
but I think this is a very interesting case of ufo contact it's got some interesting things 
to say about the ufo phenomena which is why I wanted to present this episode for you today 
it shows how many encounters can be shrouded in amnesia and in screen memories that cause a person 
to overlook these experiences and basically live a normal life when in fact they are 
contactees and might not realize it all the way into adulthood which is exactly what happened 
to laura I think that alone makes her case significant so that's again why I wanted to 
present this story to you today I hope you found it interesting and informative and until next time 
i really want to thank you for watching I truly appreciate it until next time keep having fun.
